there's lots of waysto be as a person 
appreciation in indifferent ways but 
express theirappreciation to to the 
rest ofhumanity is to make something 
wonderfuland put it out there and you 
never you never meet the people you 
never shake their hands 
you never hear their story ortell yours 
but somehow in the act ofmaking 
something with a great dealof care and 
love
something's transmitted there and it's a 
wayof expressing to the rest of our 
to be trueto who we are and remember 
what'sreally important to us that's 
what's gonna keep Apple Appleis if we 
keep us us
thank you
inspiring messageand it was only 
fitting thatSteve should open his 
be the first to welcome you to the Steve 
Jobstheater Steve meant so much to me 
andso much to all of us there's not a 
day that goesby that we don't think 
abouthim 
memories haveespecially come rushing 
eventit's taken some time but we can 
now reflect on him with joyinstead of 
sadness
Steve spirit and timeless philosophy on 
life willalways be the DNA of Apple his 
greatestgift his greatest expression of 
be asingular product but rather it 
theater to Stevebecause we loved him 
and because heloved days like this 
where he could share our latestnew 
products andnew ideas of the world and 
we do so not onlyto pay tribute to 
Stevebut to inspire the next generation 
geniusand one of the many ways that he 
showedthat was in the his uncanny 
ability
to unlock the talentof everybody that 
our workplaceand its surroundings and 
he believed thatthey should inspire 
talented peopleto do their best work so 
over a decade agohe began to work on a 
newcampus for Apple his vision for 
Applepart was to create an incredible 
and designerscould all be together 
Apple productto change the world 
Steve's vision and passionlive on here 
we're here todayto talk about some 
incredible products but before we get to 
thatI'd like to take a moment to talk 
about what's happening in Florida and 
Texassoutheastern United States and 
across the Caribbean our hearts go out 
to allof the people whose lives have 
been disrupted by hurricanes
thoughts we send you our strength you 
through hand in hand andthe American 
Red Crossand in addition to Apple's 
direct contributionswe're making it 
reallysimple for the entire Apple 
community to donate via iTunes and the 
App Storethe handed hand benefit for 
hurricane reliefairs tonight on all of 
the majorbroadcast networks and I 
encourage youto watch it and however 
your heart tothis important effort 
now let metell you a little bit about 
Park later this yearbut of course such 
a large move it's really moreof a 
process and the first big step is the
openingtoday of the Steve Steve Jobs 
purpose-builttheater ever built for 
Apple Park has been built toreflect 
apples values for both technology and 
connects extraordinarilyadvanced 
buildingswith a rolling Park land to 
form an open and inspiring environment
for our teams to create and collaborate 
the parkitself was converted from a sea 
ofasphalt into a hundred and 
seventy-five acre green space with over 
nine thousand treesApple Park is 
designed to be seamless with natureit's 
open transparentit brings the outside 
in and connectseveryone to the 
it's powered by a hundred percent
renewableenergy thank you 
and in fact we haveone of the world's 
largest on-site solar installations 
right here andjust like everything we 
makeapple parkas has been designed with 
extraordinaryattention to detail 
visitor center which willbe open later 
this year where we will welcomeeveryone 
find an incredible augmented reality
innovationsyou'll also find a fantastic 
new AppleRetail Store as you know Apple 
Retail has always been about more than 
selling it's about learninginspiring 
and connecting with people 
now our stores are also the bestplace 
some incredible productswe'd like to 
give youan update on retail and to do 
thatI'd like to invite Angela Angela 
good morning thank you it's greatto be 
here and I love the fact thatthe same 
team thatdesigns Apple Park also 
designs our largest retail stores around 
the world but it's funny because we 
actuallydon't call them stores anymore 
we call them town squaresbecause 
they'regathering places for 500 million 
people who visit us every year places 
where everyone's welcomeand where all 
of Apple comes togetherbut what really 
brings it all to life is Tim saidare 
our incredible teams we've always said
that our people of our soul and they're 
theybring personal connection to 
communities all overthe world they 
humanizetechnology but along with our 
tomake things simple beautiful and 
that's why we thinkof Apple retail as 
Apple's largest productsand like all of 
to take the customer experience even 
further in our largest cities where we 
can wecreate a Plaza a space open to 
friends or just listen to a local artist 
on the weekends inside we've designed a
foruma place for customers to come and 
create collaborate or just connect again 
with one another for local entrepreneurs 
and app developers we have a quieter
space in the larger stores called a
boardroom
where they can learn morefrom our teams 
genius growth a redesigned more relaxed 
service service experience now in the 
heart ofour largest stores and lastly 
The Avenues kind of like shop windows 
arounda town square they're carefully 
curated
they change seasonallyto always feature 
this summerto turn on these new 
features we've launched today at Apple 
our in-store experience designed to
inspire customers to go evenfurther 
with their passions 
we started with things that areCort 
Apple's DNAthings people most use their 
devices for and they trust usto teach 
them likephotography music gaming and 
app development we've creatednew 
programslike photo box where customers 
can perfect their photography skills
memories and we do all of this in a
reallyfun social way by taking them out 
to the neighborhood to explore with each 
otheror Swift playgrounds where the 
nextgeneration app developers can begin 
to learnthe basics of coding and one of 
mypersonal favorites teachers Tuesdays 
where ourteams help local educators 
stay updated on the newest technologies
and appsin some of our larger stores 
thismusic lab called the art of beat 
makingwith RZA 
sessionsin all stores are led by our 
creative team and a new position we call 
a creativePro so the creative Pro is 
now the liberal artsas the genius has 
alwaysbeen to technology and I would 
loveto show a quick video to show you 
we're learning about photographyyou 
have tonsof good ideas in your head so 
itwas like oh I like that 
I'mgonna explore that some more 
when you do somethingfor the first time 
butthe feedback has been fantastic 
customers are telling us they love the 
role thatApple retail is playing in 
their communityso what's next well 
we're going to continue to open Apple 
town squares in the top cities around
the worldwe're going to invest in 
onlineand we're also going to continue 
to reinvest in our400 classic locations 
includingApple 5th Avenue in New York 
Citywhere we're opening up the plaza to 
allow natural sunlight to come in into a 
see theglass cube will return when 
reopen late next year and in Paris we're 
restoringan entire historic building on 
the iconicseans Alizee we're turning a 
five-story atrium into our largest forum
early next yearwe're transforming a 
theater beneath Piazza Liberty into a 
modern townday Town Square for Milan 
summer
and we'verecently announced an 
ambitious project to restore Carnegie 
capital we can't think of a better place 
for today at Apple programs than a
building originally createdfor the city 
to accessknowledge and unlock their 
potential and I'm thrilledto personally 
announce theopening of our newest 
flagship store in the heartof the 
MidwestApple Michigan Avenue in Chicago 
on October 20th 
our team has designeda spectacular 
plazato the promenade as a part of the 
city's planto transform the Chicago 
riverfront so that's a brief highlight
justa couple of things we've been 
working on and as Tim said Apple's 
retail purpose hasalways been to enrich 
livesso a huge thank you to the 65,000 
apple retail employees around the world 
whose passion energy and commitment in 
serving allof us every day and ensuring 
all of Apple comes togetherit's 
brilliant thank you thanks Angela I am 
all the incrediblethings going on in 
retailbut I am especially proud of our 
unbelievable retail team it'sthe best 
placeto go experience our new products 
about what we're going to launch today 
beginning with Apple watch 
Apple watch was designedto help people 
thatthey could live a better day and 
I'mhappy to tell you that more people 
thelaunch of the series - the Apple 
watchhas experienced phenomenal growth 
in fact last quarter Apple watch grew
over50 percent compared to the previous 
year this is incredible 
last year we told youthat the Apple 
watch had already become the number two 
watch in the worldtoday I'm thrilled to 
tell you the Apple watch is now the 
number one watchin the world 
but what's most rewardingto us is how 
much our users love it our we have an 
industry-leading customer satisfaction
rate of 97%this is whoa why people 
writeto us all the time and tell us how 
the Apple watchis helping them lead a 
healthier lifethese stories are 
unbelievableand we prepared a video so 
that youcould hear directly from them 
it foryou you did the Apple but again 
simpledear Tim Tschida affable hello 
MassachusettsI'm a country boy from 
small-town Mississippi I'm a two-time 
OsheagaMountain Pancho I'm the father 
of a nine-year-oldi90 nine year old 
every day for thelast two and a half 
yearsI have borne this tiny computer on 
mywrist this is the first time I've 
worna watch since my bar mitzvah I was 
a scrawny sportshitting kid who never 
really liked being activeI was coming 
back froma knee surgery while I was 
never fedI was the proud owner of the 
and weighing 250 pounds 
what's excuse now I get up at 5:00 yeah 
if it'sfive minutes to midnight I'll do 
outfor a really quick walk around the 
blockI walk around the house and my 
familythinks I'm a little crazy 
I typically applies whenAtlas reminds 
me to stand upevery hour Sybil would 
just nosolutions together I ran my 
first partner ace in December during a 
my god or Instagram or post eyes on
nanometers in size 
today I've watchedself-abusive gala war 
dear mr.cook our daughter was recently 
diagnosedwith type 1 diabetes I called 
out of my reach
onceI collected my thoughts I 
rememberedmy Apple watch had the SOS 
future after being rushedto the 
emergency roomI was diagnosed with the 
heartstarts shutting down the 
integration of her glucose monitorwith 
bloodsugars don't go to dangerously low 
levelsfor six minutes I hung there in 
my car talking to a dispatcher until 
help arrived had I notbeen wearing my 
Apple watchI never would have sought 
medical attentionwhich in turn saved my 
life
sincerelyPaul thank you so much for 
feel 
oh thanks for listening avi sincerely
Stewart ha ha all the best 
Tara clearly Oh Jill Casey still got 
thosestories are so movie and there's 
really no words todescribe what it 
feelslike to receive these knows I'd 
like to thank everybody in the video for
sharing their personal experience with
all ofus we have some great news about 
itwith you I'd like to invite Jeff fobb 
Jeff thanksDan those stories are really 
us that so many peopleare getting 
healthier with Apple watchwith watch OS 
we're addingsmart activity coaching 
which isgonna help more people close 
more rings more oftena completely 
for swimmers likeAuto sets and gym kick 
an industry-firstit's really simple you 
just tap your watch on the machine get 
goingand all your metrics are in sync 
thesefitness features is the apple 
heart rate sensorand it's been at the 
coreof Apple watch since the very 
beginningand today it's the most used 
wantto use it to help even more people 
making enhancements to the heartrate app 
to give you moreinformation now you'll 
see yourheart rate right on the watch 
face so you cankeep an eye on it with 
just a raise of the wrist and when you 
launch theheart rate app you'll see new 
measurements like resting heart rate
readings with accelerometer dataand 
recovery heart rate which tells you how
workout a lower restingheart rate and a 
quicker recovery rate can be signs of
improvedfitness and now you can keep a 
have a better picturethroughout the day 
the second thing we weredoing 
is inspiredby many of the letters we 
receivedfrom customers who notice an 
unusually high heart rate when they
wouldn't expect oneso Apple watch has 
beenhelpful for them but we realize 
mostpeople won't notice so we're adding 
a featureand now Apple watch will 
notify youwhen it detects an elevated 
heartrate you and you don't appear to 
be active and thethird thing we're 
doing is focused onheart rhythm our 
regular heart rhythm hasa familiar 
patternbut when your heart beats 
doesn't mean it's beating toofast or 
tooslow it just means it's beating out 
of its normal rhythm and that can cause 
problems the most common form of serious 
arrhythmia is called atrialfibrillation 
or afiband it affects tens of millions 
of peopleand is a leading cause of 
withafib don't feel symptoms so it 
oftengoes undiagnosed we've been 
looking at thisfor a couple of years 
initial studies Apple watch hasbeen 
effective at surfacing irregular rhythms
so we're expanding that work and today 
it will use datafrom Apple watch and it 
willanalyze arrhythmias including afib 
conductedin partnership with Stanford 
medicineand we're working closely with 
the FDAand they've been great to work 
with so later this year the first phase 
of theApple heart study will be 
availablein the US on the App Store 
those are the updates focused on fitness 
andhealth and they join the other great 
features ofwatch OS 4 we have a 
completely redesignedmusic experience 
an intelligent Siri face fun new
characters fromToy Story and more so 
that's watch OS 4 it will be available 
September 19
and now I'd liketo introduce the next 
introducing Applewatch Series three and 
it has cellularbuilt-in 
now you have the freedomto go anywhere 
been our vision fromthe very beginning 
seriesthree the ultimate expression of 
connectedyou can leave your phone when 
errandand it's really nice to know you 
canbe reached if needed while staying 
inthe moment you can receive an 
important call with just your watch and
and thenumber is the same numbers your 
separate numberthe apps you rely on 
like messagesjust work and series at 
your beck andcall 
anytime anywhere you can use maps and 
get directionsand the location for five 
my friend automatically switches to your 
watch whenyou're away from your phone 
over cellular as well and coming next
way we listento music because with 
Applewatch series 3 and Apple music you 
can stream 40million songs on your 
wrist
you'll haveaccess to all your favorite 
or any Appleradio music station you can 
even ask Sirito find you the perfect 
tracknow the best device for staying 
motive for staying active has all the
music youneed to stay motivated what to 
enable thesefeatures on Apple watch we 
havepacked Series three with the most 
advanced technologies ever in a watch
delivering up to70% more more 
performance it's really really fastSiri 
new processorfor the first time on 
Apple watchSiri can talk it's 64 
degrees right nowin South Lake Tahoe 
not have to look at the screenwhen you 
ask it a questionfor Bluetooth and 
Wi-Fi connectivitywe developed a custom 
wireless chip we callw2 there's nothing 
else like it it delivers upto 85% 
Wi-Fiand we've added a barometric 
altimeterso now you get flights of 
stairs climbed and elevation gains after
a workout we're also releasing an app 
for developers thiscan be great for 
skiingand snowboarding apps of course 
got a snowboarder out there
of course the biggest challenge of all
watch isalready packed and you have to 
add antennas radios power amplifiers a
SIM cardand if you don't do it right it 
bracelet and you're not going to want to
at workand they've come up with some 
really creative solutions forexample 
itselfis the multi frequency antenna 
for both LTE andUMTS and of course you 
have to havea SIM card but even a nano 
integrated an electronicSIM and it's a 
fractionof the size so here's where we 
endedup even with all these new 
features faster dual-core processor w2
altimeterall the stuff you've got to 
put in for cellular the case for series
theonly difference is we extended the 
back crystalamir 0.25 millimeters 
stand-alone call on a device this small 
rightnow I'm gonna switch watches so 
you guys can see what'sgoing on this 
watchis connected over the AT&T 
cellular networkthis is our new 
Explorer face and I'm goingto tap on 
the the phone appand I'm gonna call 
team hi hi Deidrehey I'm calling you 
fromthe new Steve Jobs theater how are 
you doing oh yeah sure sureyou are why 
everybodywhere you are you know me yeah 
that's youdanger give give give well it 
looks beautiful out there
well so so far so far so good date a I 
should probably cut itoff before 
something goes awry but be safe out 
thereand thanks for doing this yeah 
come on I'm gonna gorogue for a minute 
I you know you got you guys get it but 
sometimespeople take technology for 
granted and just just for perspective I 
might in factI'm actually double mic'd 
in just the right location so you can 
hear meteachers out in the middle of a 
windylake and the only microphone on 
Deidre is the little tiny one on the 
Apple watchis a foot or two away from 
her mouth she's paddling and the signals
beingsent over cellular coming in and 
that's just darn close tomagic 
seriesthree comes in a wide variety of 
casesand bands we have a beautiful new 
gold aluminumfinish along with silver 
and Space Gray and we're excited to 
introducea new band we call the sport 
loop it's designed foran active 
lifestyleand it's light stretchy and 
breathablefor Apple watch Nike plus we 
have exclusive new colors and they're
Plusrun club app with great new 
features likein run audio coaching and 
we have some wonderful colors across all
of our bands that youjust have to see 
in personwe have a great partnership 
thisyear with some new watch face 
one on theleft that's inspired by the 
classic Hermes driving glove and last
year we introduced a white ceramicwatch 
this yearwe're adding a ceramic watch 
in a gorgeousgray finish 
all of these watches were built with a
great deal ofcare as well as a concern 
for theenvironment and they're free of 
these harmful materials so that's Apple 
watchseries three cellular GPS swim 
proves 70% faster dual-core processor 
barometric altimeter all the features of 
watch OS4 and it still has all day 
batterylife up to 18 hours across the 
mix of LTE Bluetooth and Wi-Fiwe have 
two versionsof series 3 there's one 
with cellular at 399and a version 
great features at just 329 and we're
goingto keep series 1 in the line at a 
new starting price of249 
series 3cellular will be available in 
these nine countries with these 14 
carriers at launchand six more coming 
later in the year and we've worked with 
each of these carriers and they're each 
off have a special introductory offer 
forseries 3 so it's going to be great 
withoutcellular in these 26 countries 
at launch orders will begin September 
Apple watchepaulettes is the ultimate 
device were healthyin life in the 
now Jeff showed you some very cool 
things you can do with the cellular 
function in a series3 and one of those 
isto stream 40 million songs right on 
your wristwe've made a great ad showing 
just that I'd love toplay it for you 
potassiumwith my hate 
this is a big momentfor Apple watch and 
we think youare going to love it 
next up I'dlike to turn your attention 
weexperience television simplifying the 
way that we discover andenjoy movies TV 
shows sportsnews games absence and so 
much more
in fact we'vejust been awarded our 
second Emmy for Apple TVthank you the 
semiwas in recognition for how Siri 
makes it soeasy to search discover and 
interactwith your TV content we're 
really we're really proudof the efforts 
we'vemade to improve the TV experience 
been a few key inflection pointsthat 
have changed the way weexperience 
television it of course all began with 
black-and-white and it was first 
transformed with the introduction of
color it took a hugestep forward with 
it a more true to life experience amore 
nextmajor inflection point one that has 
themost stunning visuals ever that are 
idealfor the large TV screens that are 
coming into our livingrooms 
this will bring cinematicquality to 
virtually everythingthat you watch 
that's why I am so excitedto introduce 
Apple TV 4k
at the heart ofApple TV 4k are two key 
technologies that are drivingthis next 
evolution of the TVexperience and to 
tell you allabout them I'd like to 
inviteEddie to the stage Eddie 
thank you Tim itis really great to be 
here tonight Apple TV 4k is incredible 
and it starts with two big advancements 
in picture qualityfirst is 4k let me 
show you this is an imageand 4k it's 
got incredible detail that's possible
because4k has four times the number of 
pixelsas HD but resolution isn't 
advancement that's more important and
it's called high dynamicrange or HDR 
while 4k is about the number of pixels 
youhere's that same 4k image and here 
itis an HDR look at the color the 
detailsApple TV can do this because it 
supportsthe industry standard HDR 10 as 
wellas Dolby vision the best HDR 
experience now AppleTV 4k with HDR 
ever and to show you we've installed a
state-of-the-artDolby 4k HDR cinema 
projector in thetheater so let's dim 
thelights and let me show you the new 
Apple TV and we remasteredour screen 
fulladvantage of 4k HDR 
here we are in Dubaiand even at night 
you can see incredible details in the 
buildings and the carson the road now 
here's a city shot that really shows off
the crispness
Apple TV and we've redone the whole
Apple TV UI in 4k the Texas sharper the 
images are brighterand more vibrant but 
is from the new spider-manmovie coming 
hmm sup guys you forgot your PIN number 
Wow you're the Avengers what are you 
guys doing here
greatand that was all playing on the 
newApple TV 4k now at the heart of the 
Apple TVwe've got the powerful a 10x 
isn'tjust slightly faster it's 
remarkably fasterCPU performance is 
morethan twice as fast as the current 
Apple TV and graphics are more thanfour 
latestversion of TV OS the best 
operating system forthe living room now 
to experience 4k with HDRyou also need 
great contentand we've been working 
with the large Hollywood studios to 
bring all of their 4k and HDR movie
titles to iTunesso now you'll have the 
biggest releasesin the best picture 
qualityall on iTunes all available for 
the same priceas HD 
and ifyou fought one of those movies in 
HD fromiTunes we're gonna automatically 
upgrade themto 4k HD are at no 
additional chargenow in addition to 
iTunes we've been working withleading 
streaming providerslike Netflix to 
bring their 4k HDR titles to AppleTV 
with all of their 4k HDR titles and
originalsas well now last year we 
introduced the AppleTV app an easy way 
to watch your favorite movies and TV 
showsin a single place it's been 
toannounce that we're bringing it to 
sevenadditional countries Canada and 
Australialater this month and the rest 
bythe end of the year now for each 
countryit's really important that we 
know and love andthat's why we're 
Apple TVand later this year Apple TV 
will doeven more because we're bringing 
live sportsso you'll never miss a game 
if you're a huge sports fan like I am 
yourfavorite team is playing on ESPN 
it'll automatically appear rightfirst 
in the up nextlist you'll even get 
notifications whena games about to 
start
or if there's a close game so youcan 
start watchinginstantly and if you 
scrollup you'll see even more games and 
in addition we're bringing live news to
the TV app now let'stake a look at 
thosegames as you can see we show you 
the scoreand the time remaining to help 
you decide which game to watch
and if you're one ofthese people that 
doesn'tlike to know the score you can 
turn the feature off now we also have a
dedicated sports tab where you can see 
seasons changeso will the sports tab 
for youas fort in the TV app is a real 
game-changer for sports fans and of 
your iPhone andiPad as well if you own 
an iPador iPhone there's no better 
choicethan Apple TV you can now share 
your photos on the big screen including 
live photo effects 4k video memoriesyou 
canplay from the over 40 million songs 
and Applemusic including the music that 
your friends arelistening to and 
because Apple TV isalways home you get 
anywhere anytimeaccess to all of your 
home kit accessories and of course 
thousandsof games and apps on the App 
Store and with the 8nx fusion ship 
there's so much morethat Apple TV can 
do and tosee what's possible we'd love 
toshow you a new game from that game 
company they're known formaking 
artistic and critically acclaimed games
called flower was chosen asthe first 
videogame ever to be in the permanent 
collection in the Smithsonianwhich is 
veryvery cool so with that I would love 
towelcome their CEO Jenova Chen 
at that game companywe treat games as 
anart form 
today manyof us play games alone but we 
peopletogether and that's exactly what 
we aregoing to do with our new game 
stack together with me as my colleague 
Mikeand like why don't we take off sky 
is a romanticsocial adventure game well 
youfly above the clouds to explore the 
wonders ofa mysterious world the game 
is designed to be adaptableto the most 
casual players the control is simple and
intuitiveeverything can be done with 
onefinger on the Siri remote oh hey 
that's Mike's friend Jeff and he's 
askingus to follow him let's see what 
he has discovered compassion and
generosity are key to unveil hidden
areas of the worldas well as growing 
your characterso by lighting all the 
candles Jeff and Mike was ableto summon 
the spirit and he's about to teach Mike 
the knowledge of how tosever a magical 
creature 
in skywe really take advantage of the 
AppleTV's 810 execution chip we were 
ableto run the game smoothly even with 
these detailed cloudsintelligent 
creatures and up toeight players from 
anywhere around the worldand let's see 
ifwe can draft off one of these 
we don't havetime to show you 
everythingso we're gonna skip forward 
to the darktemple head light and dark 
you play as the children of light and 
your goal is tobring that light to 
where it isneeded the most 
where's the lightMike was able to free 
all the butterflies and togetherthey 
canmove on to the next part of the 
adventure with a live orchestral 
soundtrack and a cinematic experiences
youcan expect to be immersed in an ever 
expanding world so join hands with your 
Poe TV I pad and iPhone this winter 
thank you thanks Jennifer we can't wait
soexcited about the new Apple TV 4k 
stunning4k HDR video live sports along 
with live news TV shows and and and
moviesall in the TV app and the perfect 
iPadthe new Apple TV 4k starts at $179 
it starting onSeptember 15th and it 
shipsjust a week later that is the new 
Apple TV 4kthank you and I'd like to 
I can't wait for you to experience the 
beauty and the magic ofthe cinema right 
in yourliving room with the Apple TV 4k 
next up iPhone 
Apple hasalways believed that 
technology infused with humanity could
improve people's lives and changethe 
have had the impact on the world that 
the iPhone has nothingelse has become 
so essential or put so much power into
somany people's hands than iPhone it's 
trulyamazing how much iPhone impacts 
the worldeach and every day our 
intention with iPhone has always been 
ableto been to create something so 
powerfulso immersive and so magical 
over thelast 10 years we've reimagined 
or invented numerous technologies to 
createjust that experience the first 
iPhoneforever changed how we interact 
actuallytouching the software instead 
of buttonsit was magical the app store 
changed the way wework play learn 
communicate spawning new companies and
viewing experience to places literally
never seenbefore with technologies like 
theRetina display we change the way 
people communicate with features like 
iMessage and FaceTimethat allowed us 
intelligence tomake our voices more 
powerful iPhone even revolutionized
security and privacy with touch ID and
our walletswith Apple pay and of course 
into our hands becoming the mostpopular 
way to capture the images of our lives 
over the pastdecade we pushed forward 
with innovation after innovation after
innovationbringing us to this moment 
far moreintelligent far more capable 
far more personalthan ever before 
we have huge iPhone news for you today
and it gets started right now 
iPhone 8 iphone 8 this is a huge step 
forward foriPhone and to tell you all 
aboutit I'd like to invite Phil to the 
stagePhil good morning everyone I am so 
excitedto tell you all about the new 
iPhone 8 and the new iPhone 8 plus these 
are a new generationof iPhone and they 
improve on everything we love about
glassin both the front in the back the 
aluminum band beautifully matches the
finishof each iPhone a it comes in 
silver Space Gray and a beautiful new
grade 7000 series custom aluminumalloy 
processmaking sure there's a beautiful 
precisehue and the glass is further 
reinforced by an internal laser welded
steel and copperstructure we're so 
excited because this glass is the most 
durableever in a smartphone iPhone 8 
sealed for water and dust resistance and
they have a new retina HD display in
each modelthere's a 4.7 inch Retina 
display iniphone 8 and a 5.5 inch an 
iPhone 8 plus now Apple Retina displays 
are renowned fortheir incredible color 
accuracyand they have great wide cinema 
quality color gamutwe've built in our 
it is our true tone technologynow with 
true tone it adapts thecolor 
temperatureand intensity to the ambient 
light around us alongwith the displays 
speakers as wellthey're 25 percent 
louder than the speakersat iPhone 7 
and they have a deeperbase too and this 
insideiPhone 8 and 8 plus is a brand 
new chip and thisis a breakthrough 
performance in a mobiledevice we call 
it a11 Bionic this is the most powerful 
and smartest chipever in a smartphone 
transistorssix core we're gonna geek 
out here for a bit because itis so 
awesomeit has two high-performance 
coursethey're 25% faster than the high 
industry-leading810 chip is for high 
efficiency coursethey're up to 70% 
performance controllerthat now can use 
all six cores at onceit can deliver up 
to 70 percent improvement in 
our first ever Apple design graphics 
processing unitor GPU this is a three 
core designit's 30% faster than the 
graphics in the previous a 10 and the
GPU is designed to accelerate 3d apps
and gamesespecially those that use our 
new metal2 framework and the GPU also 
is incrediblefor machine learning apps 
and those kind of tasksget a big speed 
up if they use ourour core machine 
learning framework- there's more to it 
the 11 Bionic includes our first new 
generation image signal processor orISP 
so you know this isusing photography 
the delivers faster autofocus in 
low-light
it has new pixel processingfor 
sharpnessand texture and for the first 
this helps to improveperformance and 
helps us take better picturesperhaps 
the most beloved feature of everynew 
generationof iPhone is the cameras and 
people lovetaking photos and customers 
iphone campaign likethis one this was 
sentfrom Jeremy Perez Cruz he shot it 
with aniPhone 
Plus and people gonnalove taking 
pictureswith the iPhone 8 camera it is 
an all-new 12 megapixel sensor it's 
larger and fasterit provides 83 percent 
more lightand it provides more it's 
morepower efficient at the same time it 
isdeeper pixels and a new color filter 
so this adds up tohaving better color 
saturationa wider dynamic range of 
colorand lower noise in your photos and 
videosI phone 8 plus has two new 
sensors in its dual camera the
wide-anglecamera has an F 1.8 aperture 
and optical image stabilizationthe 
telephotocamera has F 2.8 aperture so 
as alwayswe want to show you the kind 
of photos you can take off of our new 
camerasnow these are photos we're going 
to show thathave not been retouched in 
any way they're straight off the iPhone
thisis absolutely beautiful now that's 
notthe Golden Gate Bridge this is taken 
in Portugal it shows the beauty of wide
color gamutthere's great dynamic range 
look atthat blue sky here's another 
example
it shows incredible Y qualitycolor 
again just look at the skin tones and
you look closely in her eyesyou can 
actually see the photographer reflected 
there holdingan iPhone to take the 
picture here's a greatexample of the 
amazingtextures in depth and 
photographyyou can really feel the 
fabric and you can see details in their 
face behindthe fabric here's a great 
example of low-light photography texture 
detail and verysubtle colors in this 
darker environmentlast year we 
introduced portrait mode iPhone8 takes 
fantastic portrait modesand people flip 
over taking these photos and now with 
the iPhone 8 plus you'regonna get 
sharper details more uses inlow-light 
background of the photosso this is a 
big hitwe had a surprise new feature 
last year of portrait mode we brought it
outin beta and it just got better and 
better over time and customers send us 
photos they love thisso we challenged 
the engineering team todo that again to 
makeit easy for all of us to take 
techniqueand they're doing it and it 
hasto do with lighting and if you've 
everhad a professional portrait taken 
you know thatPro photographers use 
advanced equipment and have a great
literally sculpt the light on yourface 
portrait photographwell our team is 
makingthis possible for all of us using 
the new dual camerasand the a 11 Bionic 
chip and the iPhone 8 plusthe team has 
come up with a new feature called 
portrait lightingthis is beta but it 
here's how it workswhen you compose a 
photoin the camera app using the 
portrait mode the dual cameras in the
map they separate the subject from the 
backgroundand then you see machine 
actually changes the lightingof the 
contours over your face thathappens 
while you'recomposing the shot 
it's super easyto use right when you're 
lighting effect you wantto use you just 
swipeto pick a different effect for 
whateveryou want to shoot now these 
aren't filtersthis is real-time 
face in fact you can go in later after 
shot a portrait mode photo into the
effect to select whichone you want to 
useon your photograph 
the team has done an unbelievable job on
thisand so here's an example of a photo 
that's takennot touched in any way 
this is portrait mode using portrait
lightingit's actually using the setting 
in portrait lighting for stage light so 
it drops awaythe background to make 
absolutely beautiful
so iPhone 8 and 8 plus are incredible
for video as wellin fact iPhone 8 has 
the highest qualityvideo capture ever 
have an appledesign video encoder this 
enables faster frame rates and higher
qualityvideo it does real-time image 
and motionanalysis to predict changes 
in the contentand optimize the video 
shootingvideo let's say for K 60 frames 
a secondthe iPhone 8 divides each frame 
into individual tilestwo million of 
themand we analyze the two million 
whetherthat tile has grass sky water or 
movement init so let's say you're 
shooting 4k60 frame rate video you can 
optimized for qualityand for 
compressionlevel and this video was 
shot on an iPhone in 4k it's amazing and 
if you're oneof the many people who 
love shooting slow-mo videos that's 
shoot a 1080p HD 240 frames a second 
absolutely beautiful so nowiPhone 8 is 
incrediblefor shooting photos it's 
incredible for video there's a third
categoryof use of the camera that's 
gonna become increasingly important in
realitythis is an incredible area for 
usto advance in in our teams have 
worked together hardware and softwareto 
makeiPhone le the first camera the 
augmented realityin the first 
smartphone designed for it as wellwe 
custom tune each iPhone for augmented
reality
the cameras are actuallyindividually 
calibrated in the factory andthat makes 
a hugedifference in the performance for 
AR there are new gyroscopes new 
accelerometers anda are kits software 
is tightly tuned toall this hardware to 
deliver the best experiencefrom motion 
newa 11 Bionic chip the CPU handles 
world trackingthe new apple GPU renders 
frames a second the new ISP does 
real-time lighting estimation andthis 
stuff is amazing that it happens on a
device in the palmof our hands so I 
want to show you some ofthe work that 
developers arestarting to do with AR 
apps oniPhone 8 so here's one example 
photo mode to bring the free bladenight 
into the real worldand play it right 
where your friends arestanding around 
you here's anotherfrom Major League 
Baseball'sadvanced media team they're 
enhancing theat bat app with AR kit so 
that when you're at the game you can 
holdup your iPhone and see real-time 
player information and stats on top of
the game you're watching andhere's sky 
guidefrom v STAR Labs you can use AR 
kit with this app toactually 
superimpose the map ontop of the sky as 
you're looking at itaround you this 
so now we wantto show you a sighting AR 
app righthere live on stage playing on 
an iPhone8 
it's from Directive gamesthis is a new 
startup basedin Shanghai it's founded 
by developers who haveworked in some of 
the biggest franchises in gaming
so please welcomeat Lamarr CEO and 
co-founder of Directive games atLee 
thank you earlierthe summer with the 
Apple changed gaming foreverwhat we're 
first competitive multiplayer games
augmentedreality this is the machines 
in the game players battle their friends
table in the same roommy friend and 
co-founder Andrea is preparing a match 
for uswhere we play the rebels against 
the dominators
what's reallycool is with a or kit the 
metaltwo on the new iPhone we are able 
to experience gamesin an entirely new 
be incredibly detailed with the power of 
the newiPhone an unreal support for 
metal2 we are able to render the entire 
polygons while also allowing youto move 
in close to really appreciate thehigh 
now shall we go into thegame 
AR allows us to use our position in the 
real worldto gain a tactical advantage 
somethingthat would have been hard to 
do with tension- it's like you're not 
just controlling the game you're in the 
game another awesome additionto the 
experience is spatial audio if you go
and if a solidobject gets between you 
perfectnow with the stereo speakers on 
looks like we're gettinghit pretty hard 
yes deployshield to protect our heroes 
closer totheir base and get ready for 
thefatal blow with our subbu fe o the 
at the sametime 
what you just saw is an amazing
evolution in how games areplayed and 
air kit and metal- on the brand new 
iPhone we can't wait for you to play it 
this month exclusively on iOS
Thank YouAli now let's talk about 
Wireless we once said that the future is 
becoming more true than ever beforewith 
fast networking connectionsBluetooth 
of course it supportsour great beloved 
air pods and the beats X headphones that 
use ourw1 chip and the new Beats Studio 
freedom ofwireless charging I mean this 
is a simple thingwe do this every day 
we useour phones in the day and we 
by our bed stand inour homes or in our 
hotels and words can't describe justhow 
much nicer it is to just put it down and 
pick it up whenever you want to charge 
withoutever having to plug in a cable 
againyou can want to do this by your 
bedsideI don't want to do this in a 
cafe orrestaurant as they start to 
support wireless charging I want to do 
it in an airport so youcan top up your 
chargebefore you get on the next flight 
and perhaps the best use case of all in 
your car
youcan get into your car wirelessly 
connect and start usingcarplay put your 
iPhoneon the center console and it's 
chargingall without ever having to plug 
in a cableagain what makes this 
possibleis we're building into iPhone 8 
and 8 plus wireless charging withQi 
wireless charging standardand we hope 
to help Qi by increasing adoption of it 
in creating newuse cases for it many 
started to build in support for Qi
wireless chargingand they'll work with 
chargers and thosethat are chief 
certified should allwork with iphone 8 
and we'veworked with some developers 
whoare creating cheat charges and we're 
gonnaoffer them in our stores and 
like this one fromöthey and this one 
from Belkin
so that's iPhone8 it's a new generation 
of iPhone 
it improves on everything we love about
iPhoneit is packed with innovative 
technologies fromthe glass and aluminum 
a new single and dual cameras that 
supportfor the brand new photo lighting 
chargingnow iPhone 7 came in these 
threeconfigurations starting at 32 
gigabytesit will really happen to your 
iPhone 8it's gonna start with twice the 
capacity at 64 gigabytes and have a 
secondone at 256 gigabytes and the 
price willbe six hundred and ninety 
ninedollars iPhone 8 plus will have the 
same two configurations 64 gigabytes and
September 15thand to be available a 
week lateron September 22nd and we can 
all upgrade to iOS 11 starting on
September19th so that is iPhone 8 I 
like to turnit back to Tim 
iPhone 8 a new generation of iPhone and 
a huge step forward but we're not
wehave great respect for these words 
andwe don't use them lightly our teams 
have beenhard at work for years on 
something that is importantto all of us 
iPhone revolutionized a decade of
process now 10 years later it is only 
fitting thatwe are here in this place 
on this day to reveal a product that 
will set thepath for technology for the 
nextdecade 
you
this isiPhone 10 it is the biggest leap 
forward since the original iPhone and to 
tell you all aboutit I'd like to invite 
Phil back up
Phil thank you Tim I think you can 
imaginethere are a lot of people at 
Apple that didn't get much sleep last 
night preparing for this is this this is 
so excitingI mean it is all scream it 
is beautiful to look at
it is incredibleto hold the display 
fits edge to edge top to bottom it goes 
tight curve of the designit has glass 
on boththe front in the back using the 
theban is made from a surgical grade 
polishes toa beautiful finish and look 
how the glass and the stainless steel 
fit form a continuous surfacefrom front 
to backthere has never been anything 
likeit it's engineered to be water and 
comes in twobeautiful finishes space 
gray and silver each has an incredible 
depthand a pearl essence to the color 
in the glassiPhone 10 has an all-new 
display
it's called the super Retina display
the love of quality and responsiveness
breakthrough in mobile displaysto start 
with the super RetinaDisplay is 5.8 
inches on the diagonal
it's got 24 36 by1125 resolution that's 
per inch now this is thehighest 
resolution and pixel density ever in an 
iPhone and it's remarkablehow this 
larger display canbe packed on a phone 
that fits so comfortably in our hands 
the super Retina display uses OLED
technologythis is the first OLED 
displaygreat enough to be in an iPhone 
traditionalOLED displays have had great 
benefits like high contrastand 
resolutionand no backlight means it can 
make them thinner butthey came with 
trade-offsand brightness and rich 
colors and color accuracyat least 
comparedto our Retina displays but the 
superRetina display overcomes all of 
thesedeficiencies and lives up to all 
that we expect from an iPhone display in 
addition the new superRetina display 
supports HDR in both the Dolbyvision 
and HDR 10 formats it has an incredible
our unique 3d touch technology right
into the displayand like iPhone 8 
includes true tone now all this
innovative super Retinadisplay 
technology is great but it's thepoint 
of it thatmatters and the point of it 
is to enable an entirely new experience 
that's more fluid moreintuitive so 
let's startwith a simplest thing how do 
you wake upyour iPhone 10 well 
certainly you can raise to wake just
likebefore but now you can also just 
tap onthe screen and it wakes up now 
with the display going edge to edge and
home button nowthis is an important 
partand a big step forward in the 
iPhone user experience somethingwe use 
hundreds of times a dayfor so 
any tasks is anopportunity to rethink 
up from thebottom and you go home it's 
that simpleit's that easy it's 
incredibly smooth and once you do it for
the first timeyou'll know there's never 
been a betterway and it works the same 
app likemail and you want to go home 
easyand that intuitive it's so much 
nicer now the same fluid gesture also 
works for multitaskingso if you're in 
an app and youwant a multitask you just 
swipe upfrom the bottom you pause for 
split secondand you're in multitasking 
and then you can tap on any app and jump 
right toit we also use the home button 
for Siri so how are we going to do that 
now I didn'tstudy once phones off or 
youcan now press the side button in 
which has been made larger once you
press it in you canjust talk to Siri I 
know what you're thinkingabout well 
whatabout unlocking how do you unlock 
yourphone with iPhone 10 I mean this 
hasbeen very important part of the 
iPhone user experiencefrom the very 
beginning thefirst iPhone we led the 
waywith multi-touch and we created 
slide to unlock andthis protected the 
iPhone from turningon when you didn't 
starting with iPhone 5s we invented
touch IDmade it fast and easy to 
protect allyour data and unlock your 
touch ID became the gold standardin 
consumer device biometric protection but
better the iPhone 10 your iPhone is
lockeduntil you look at it and it 
recognizes you nothing hasever been 
simplermore natural and effortless we 
call thisface ID 
so face ID is the future ofhow we will 
unlockour smartphones and protect our 
sensitive informationto make face ID 
possible it took some ofthe most 
advanced technology we haveever created 
and much of it is packed right up here 
into this tiny little area at the top of 
thedisplay we call this the true depth 
camera systemand it is made up of 
incredible state-of-the-art technology
there's an infrared cameraa flood 
illuminatorthe front side camera and a 
dot projector and that's not allthere's 
also theproximity sensor the ambient 
light sensor the speakerand microphone 
systemarea it is amazing and here's how 
it worksevery time you glance at your 
iPhone 10 it detects your face with the 
flooda new illuminator even in the dark 
projector projects out over 30,000
invisible IR dots we use the IRimage in 
the dotpattern and we push them through 
neuralnetworks to create a mathematical 
modelof your face and then we check 
that mathematical model against the one 
that we've stored thatyou set up 
earlier to see if to match and unlock 
your phone and this all happens in real 
time it all happens invisibly you don't
see these thingsgoing off it's 
incredibleit just all works it all 
happens to create face IDwe work with 
the teamtook over a billion images and 
with that they developed multiple neural
networksto create face ID and to 
neural engine yeahthis is a big deal in 
our pocketsin our phones is an A 11 
Bionic chip with abuilt in neural 
engine to process face recognition
now theneuro engine is specialized 
Hardware built for a specific set of 
machine learningalgorithms this is 
another exampleof the incredible 
software teamsit's only possible at 
Applethe neural engine is a 
state-of-the-art ultra-fast processing 
system it usesour highest density 
computing everit's a dual core design 
itcan perform over 600 billion 
operations per secondand it's used to 
thereal-time processing of face ID 
just supereasy and fun to use 
theon-screen instructions and it tells 
youhow to move your head around in the 
camera soFez site D can recognize your 
faceand that's it you do that once when 
youset it up and face ID learns your 
faceeven if you change your hairstyle 
wearinga hat so you do it up any way 
you do itface ID learns your face it 
learns who you are and itadapts to you 
as your face changesover time let's say 
you start to growa beard it works in 
day itworks at night and the team's 
easily be spoofedby things like 
photographs he even gone and worked with 
professional mask makers and makeup
artists in Hollywood to protect against
these attempts to beat face IDthese are 
actualmasks used by the engineering 
protect against themand face ID it's 
incredible
theteam's worked hard to protect your 
face datayes 
your facestate is protected with the 
secure Enclaveand the AL Evan Bionic 
chipall the processing is done on 
iPhone 10 and not sent to a server we 
require user attentionto unlock that 
means if your eyesare closed you're 
looking awayit's not going to unlock 
nowhow do we compare that to touch ID 
how secure is it well there's no perfect 
standard for consumer device biometric 
protectionand the data for touch ID has 
beenone in 50,000 meaning that the 
chance thata random person could use 
their fingerprint to unlock youriPhone 
hasbeen about 1 in 50,000 and it's been 
greatso what are the similar statistics 
the chance thata random person in the 
populationcould look at your iPhone 10 
and unlockit with their face is about 
one in a millionand of course the 
statistics are lower if that person
shares a close genetic relationship with
youso for example if you happen to have 
an evil twinyou really need to protect 
your passcodewhere your sensitive data 
IDalso works with Apple pay so to pay 
for things youjust double tap the 
button on the sideyou look at iPhone 10 
to authenticateand hold it near the 
payment terminal to payit's that easy 
appsalready support touch ID and 
they'll work with face ID so apps like
mintone password etrade will all work 
with face ID so face IDit's faith on 
face authentication forunlocking your 
camera systemit's trained with neural 
networksit's easy to set up it learns 
yourface and it adapts to your face 
over time it's aware of your attention
it works with Apple payand it works 
camera system is incredible
technology and it's goingto enable so 
many great new user experiencesthe 
first one of courseis face ID but the 
teamdecided to create another great 
experiencewith it as well this is a fun 
one it has to do with emojis that we use 
emojis to communicate with others and to
express emotion but of course you can't
customize emojis they only have a
limitedamount of expressiveness to them 
emojithese are animated emojis 
these are emojis thatyou control with 
your face in emojis track more than 50 
facial muscle movements
they've been meticulously animated to
create amazing expressiveness you just
watch this can you the way youcreate 
and share an emojiare right from within 
are you you canpick from a dozen 
different animated emojis to share and 
familyand friends so iPhone 10 is 
packed withinnovative technologies that 
excited to invite out Craig federighi to 
show youI phone 10 and one it's like to 
use itfor the very first time Greg hey 
everybody
Wowwell I'm absolutely thrilled to be 
ableto give all of you your first live 
look at I phone10 this is a phone we've 
beendreaming about for a long time but 
look hereis iPhone 10 now unlocking it 
is as easy aslooking at it and swiping 
up and you know to try thatagain 
oh-ho-ho let's uh go to back up here and 
get right in so here we are andyou see 
this expansive displayit's just a 
intothe weather app here and you can 
advantageof the edge to edge display 
youjust swipe from the bottom just like 
the webit just looks unbelievable 
edge toedge on this display and your 
photos of course arejust gorgeous as 
welllet's jump into this one just 
nowvideo of course is unbelievable on 
in portrait and in landscapeof course 
this is HDR video justincredible 
looking now Phil toldyou a little bit 
show you I'mjust gonna jump into maps 
applicationsI can just swipe up and 
stop my other apps all come inI can get 
out ofthem with a tab just lift it's 
just that easyand we have a great 
shortcutas well you can actually move 
along the bottomlike this it's really 
easy now you may be wondering about 
control center and worry notright where 
your status indicatorsare in the upper 
right hand corneryou can just swipe 
down and get a control centerfrom 
anywhere it's that easy
now let's takea look again at face ID 
because unlocking your phoneis just 
amazingly intuitive you just raise it
look at it and swipe right up to get 
started
but now it's also incredibly fastso I'm 
just gonna do thatagain I just raise it 
swipe I don't have to wait and it's also
really reallysmart so let's say I wake 
my phone and I'mnot looking at it stays 
lockedbut once I give it my once I give 
it my attention well it unlocksand I 
can get rightin it's really cool now 
face idea is alsogreat for Apple pay so 
I've been atthe register I can just 
I'm authenticated and I can get injust 
likethat now the true depth camera 
behind face IDisn't just about 
authenticationin fact we've extended AR 
kit with some incredible new face
trackingcapabilities that provide a 
whole new class of augmented reality
experiencesnow we've been working on 
one with snapchatand I'd like to show 
itto you now so I'm gonna launch in you 
see it builds a meshin my face and now 
I canjust select a mask the tracking is 
just unreal let's check out this onenow 
look at the detail over theeyes the 
incredible metallic reflectionsthe 
qualityof the tracking it's it's just 
stunning
now of coursemany of us like to 
communicate with emojiand with an emoji 
we can now breathe our own personality
app right inside a messages I canjust 
go rightin here and it immediately 
starts tracking me so I can make 
whatever expression I want like and just 
pick that up and use it as a sticker
let you manipulate these infull-screen 
some reallygreat ones like the kitty 
catis so expressive and ferocious it's 
a happypuppy check out the physics in 
the earsthe pig we've got a chicken and 
theunicorn mythical creature favorite 
of thestartup 
and yes if you were by chance wondering
what humanitywould do when given access 
tothe most advanced facial tracking 
technology availableyou now have your 
answer now these can beso much fun 
you'regonna want to share them 
unfortunately we let you record messages 
I'm gonna record a message here for Tim 
heyTim I'm not sure what the protocol 
you like hey Tim I'm not sure what the 
protocol ishere but I'd like to call 
dibs on thebox for my favorite emoji 
it with just a tap andit appears 
there's a looping videoright inside the 
transcriptwe're really lucky for our 
grandfinale we might just get a 
response backfrom Tim oh here it is 
let's let'stake a look take me to your 
leader
wait a minute Craig I am your leader
so that is your first look atthe new 
iPhone10 and the amazing experience 
withthe true depth camera and an emoji 
I think you're gonna love it thank you 
very much 
ThankYou Craig now let's talk about the 
amazing cameras iniphone 10 iphone 10 
has dual 12 megapixel sensorsdual 
cameras both a faster sensors wider
sensorsjust like in iphone 8 as new 
color filters new deeper pixelsthere's 
an F 1.8 aperture onthe wide-angle 
camera and a faster F 2.4 aperture on a 
telephoto so that lets in36 percent 
more light tothe telephoto camera but 
the big newson the camera on the iPhone 
stabilization that meansthere's OIS 
about thewide angle in the telephoto 
around in a verysmall space but it 
helps with compensating forhandshake 
low-light there's also a better quadled 
two-tone flash thatis twice the 
uniformity oflight on our subjects so 
let's look at somephotos taken from the 
backside camera on iPhone 10 this is 
absolutely beautifulgreat dynamic range 
now there's zero shutter lagand that 
helps tofreeze motion so we can get a 
with low noise it's absolutely to die 
for
the OIS delivers low-light performance
so now you can get incredible low-light
images like this withthe telephoto 
camera as wellas the wide-angle an 
especially in lower light an iPhone 10 
supports thebrand-new portrait lighting 
taken rightoff of iPhone 10 not 
retouched in any way with a stage
lightingeffect dropping out the 
iPhone 10 is great for photos it's 
amazing for 4kvideo and like iPhone 8 
factory calibrated cameras the new
gyroscope accelerometerthe performance 
advantage of the a 11 Bionic chipsCPU 
we use somuch is not the only camera of 
courseon the iPhone we have our front 
side camera as well and people love to 
use those for taking selfie photographs 
and now with iPhone10 and it's true 
depth camerait really delivers a 
breakthroughinto the photos you can 
takefor selfies because now with 
selfiesyou can take portrait mode 
photos as well and it also supports
sideto depth camera 
and people gonna be blown away butthe 
selfish you can take with theiPhone 10 
thisis absolutely beautiful of course 
chip we talked all about aniPhone 8 but 
it's worth hittingon the highlights 
anything likeit a 64-bit 6 core 
designed4.3 billion transistors to 
high-efficiency cores our new 
that uses allsix cores at once our 
first Apple design graphics processing
unitthe brand new ISP that improves 
real-time motion analysis while you're 
shootingvideo the knurl engine and of 
course the secure Enclaveto protect our 
face ID dataall this performance I'm 
sure as youexpect does come with the 
hitto battery life so I think it's 
important totell you that we've 
increased it yes itlasts 
againhardware and software teams work 
all-day batterylife to us so wireless 
just likeiPhone 8 iPhone 10 is also 
built for a wireless world it is Qi 
charging through theglass back and it 
willwork with the Qi charging devices 
like the onesthat we mentioned earlier 
fromMophie and Belkin it also worked 
withthird-party two devices that are Qi 
certified and there are alot of great 
marketparticularly because of iPhone 8 
knifeown 10 but we also think we can 
make the wireless charging experience
somethingI think all of us we're gonna 
wantto use and it might actually help 
move the entireindustry forward so 
we're gonna giveyou a sneak peek of 
this idea right nowI'm sure many of you 
do thisI do this have a lot of Apple 
productsI love them and use them all 
daylong I charge them at night you plug 
in your cables you plug in yourchargers 
you on the roadwhen you travel we think 
we have anidea of how to make this a 
better experienceand here it is it's a 
matthat you place your iPhone 8 or 
iPhone 10 down and itjust starts to 
chargeand there's a beautiful new 
interfaceit doesn't stop there you can 
place yourSeries 3 Apple watch down on 
itand it starts to charge as well and 
youcan place your ear pods or the 
optionalnew wireless charging case on 
it and it startsto charge as well they 
all charge
intelligently worked together and
communicate with eachother to manage 
the charging through one more efficient
charging system this isnot possible 
withcurrent standards but our team 
knows howto do this we call it air 
power we hope people love it
that encourages others tocreate more 
advanced solutions based on technology
like thiswe're gonna be working with 
the chief standards team to incorporate 
these benefits intothe future of the 
standards tomake wireless charging 
better for everyoneso look for the air 
power charger next year sothat is 
iPhone10 it is the future of the 
smartphone it is packed with many 
innovative features huge lists we won't 
go through them allthey add up to a new 
better experience we're soexcited about 
iPhone 10we created a beautiful video 
to tellyou all about it for more than a 
decadeour intention has been to create 
objectthat disappears into the 
this isiPhone 10 developing the fulmen 
display togetherdefines a whole new 
integration making the boundary between
thedevice and the screen hard to 
discernthe custom OLED panel was 
engineered to fold and seamlessly 
combined with the external surfaces
mechanical buttonsgive way to touch in 
gestures there's no home button a single 
swipe takes you to the home screena 
more responsivetouch system means the 
gestures in iOS 11 are more fluid the
polished stainlesssteel band reinforces 
thewater-resistant all glass design 
this newglass formulation their most 
durableever in a smartphone enables for 
true depth camera system contained
within this tiny spaceuses 
to let you unlockyour phone with a 
glance
we callthis face ID it Maps the unique 
geometry ofyour face with over 30,000 
invisible dots this data is analyzedby 
makes your faceyour secure password so 
with justa look 
you canauthenticate your phone or use 
Apple paythe true depth camera also 
emojis to lifeby mapping more than 50 
facial musclesin real time so you can 
be happy or sad or cross both the front 
and rear facing cameras now have full 
frame mode and forthe first time you 
canactually define the light in a scene 
based on fundamentals photographic
the effectof real studio lighting on 
the backthe dual camera system is 
smarterby the a11 Bionic chip with 
machine learningthe camera detects 
imagebefore the photo is even taken the 
camera we use every day nelle delivers 
so much moreand as iOS becomes the 
world's largestplatform for augmented 
realityit will redefine what's possible 
this isonly Flemington team works hard 
the mostenvironmentally friendly manner 
possible
they have arsenic-free display glass
mercury-free displays their BFR free PVC 
free beryllium free but now madewith a 
designand their highly recyclable with 
their materials really proud ofthat 
iPhone 10 alsocomes in two 
configurations64 gigs and 256 gigabytes 
there we priced from $9.99 in order it 
ship on November 3rdso this is the 
so thisis our lineup for the holidays 
now every yearwe say it's a great liner 
forthe holidays and it is but this year 
is reallyspecial 
it starts with iPhone se iPhone 6s
iphone7 the new generation iPhone 8 and 
the futuristic iPhone 10
ten years agowhen Steve introduced the 
world to iPhonehe closed with a quote 
from Wayne Gretzky it said I skate to 
where the puck is going to be not where 
it has beenSteve said that's what Apple 
doeswe skate to where the puck is going 
aboutthank you doctor you 
iPhone 10 this really is the future 
we've made agreat fun new ad that I'd 
loveto show it to you 
that is iPhone10 
thank you thankyou 
oh good
so one morningwe've had Apple watch 
seriesthree with cellular which gives 
you the freedomto go anywhere you want 
with or without your iPhone Apple TV 4k 
brings themagic of the cinema straight 
to your livingroom with incredible 4k 
and HDRcontent iPhone a a beautiful 
glass design incredible cameras wireless 
charginga 11 Bionic ship and of course 
incredible new design face IDtrue depth 
camera systemand more powerful 
technologies than we'veever put in an 
iPhonebefore it really is the future of 
thesmart phone and we began this 
rest of humanityis to make something 
introducedtoday I think Steve would be 
really proud of them
anapple to stand up that are here 
representing theirteams from hardware 
andsoftware and services please stand 
up in operationsare amazing retail 
employees
and everyonethat works so hard on this 
theater and on Apple Park one ofthe 
great things about this theater is an
unbelievable hands-on areait is the 
most beautiful hands-on areawe've ever 
had by farand I would encourage all of 
youto join us there and get your hands 
onthese wonderful products thank you so 
you 
