now this is why we getso excited when 
we're working  on a new version of iOS 
because we know that we can positively 
affect millions of developers and 
hundreds of millions of users and that 
isexactly what we've been up  to the 
team at Apple has beenworking 
incredibly hard  on the latest version of 
iOS and today it's a great thrill that I 
announce  iOS 7 
iOS 7 is the biggest change to iOS since 
the introduction of iPhone it's packed 
with amazing new features and a stunning 
new user interface we prepared a video 
to show you our thinking behind the
design and I'd like to run  it for you 
now
we have always thoughtof  design as 
being so much more than just the way 
something looks it's the whole thing the 
way something actually works on so many 
different levels 
ultimately of course design defines so 
much of our experience
I think there is a profound and enduring 
beauty in simplicity in clarity in 
efficiency true simplicity is derived 
from so much more than justthe absence 
of clutterand  ornamentation it's about 
bringing order to complexity
iOS 7 is a clear representation of these 
goals it has a whole new structure that 
is coherentand it is applied across the 
entire system
we'veconsidered  the tiniest details 
like refining the typographyto much 
largerones  by redesigning all the icons 
and developing a grid system allowed us 
toachieve a much more harmonious 
relationship between individual elements
we've also incorporated a whole new 
palette of colors 
distinct functional layers help 
establish hierarchy and order and the 
use of translucency gives you a  sense of 
your context these plains  combined with 
new approaches to animation and motion
create a sense of depth and vitality 
the iPhone responding to your movements 
drives the parallax to create a whole 
new experience of depth in many ways 
we've tried to create an interface that 
is unobtrusive and deferential one where 
the design recedes and in doing so 
actually elevates your content even the 
simple actof changing your wallpaper 
has a very noticeable effect on the way 
your iPhone looks and feels across the 
entire system
while ios7 is completely new it was 
importantto us to make  it instantly 
familiar 
we wantedto  take an experience that 
people know very well  and actually add 
to it to  make it more useful  to make it 
moreenjoyable 
to createit we brought together a broad 
range of expertise from design to
engineering  with what we've been able to 
achieve togetherwe see  ios7 as defining 
an important new direction and in many 
ways  the beginning 
you are going to absolutelylove ios7 
this thank you this major effort this 
major effortis only possible  because of 
the incredible collaboration between 
Johnny and his amazing design team and 
Craig and his incredible engineering 
team without further ado I'd like to 
invite Craig back up to take you through 
iOS 7the biggest change to iOS since 
the iPhone 
well on behalf of all of the engineers 
and designers who worked so hard to make 
today a realityI'm absolutely thrilled 
to have this opportunity to show you 
iOS 7 let's take a look it's 
unbelievable it's just gorgeous 
from thetypography on this lock screen 
to the vitality of the background of an 
animation to the home screen with these 
icons looks so great it just looked 
fantastic 
and you know a lot of us have our own 
wallpaper you know we like pictures of 
our family there and now that liveliness 
actually carries through to the  home 
screen because as you move the device in 
your hand it actually tracks your motion 
and as parallax thix but you can see 
behind the icons it's really incredible 
and it carries over across the  system 
this liveliness let me just take a look
at somethinglike  weather where the 
motion conveys this information and 
where the edge to edge design just takes 
advantageof every pixel on that Retina 
display it's so nice it's great for apps 
youuse  every day like messages your 
calendar your email is gorgeous your 
friends never look more attractive and 
GameCenter  we just completely ran out of 
green felt
and would as well this has got to be 
good for the environment
the clocks look great and even apps like 
stocksand compass  they just have this 
look of precision thesense of purpose 
the best way to appreciate  iOS 7 is to 
see it live I'd like to give you a demo 
rightnow so let's take our  first live 
look at iOS 7 here it is you can  see how 
device actually responds to the motion 
in my handjust slide out the lock 
screen you see how it  slides in I want 
you all to look away for  a moment while 
I type in my okay you can lookagain 
don't tell anyone about that all right 
so here we are on the  gorgeous new home 
screen let's go into weather see on 
whether it's a little cloudy today I can 
actually tap here the degrees get more 
informationlike  humidity and rain let's 
swipe through some locations clear and 
Sydney kind  of hot in Phoenix here in a 
Big Thunder Mountain it's looking a 
little little rough we've got some some
thunder brewing oh yeah some heavy snow 
here inthe  North Pole and a tropical 
stormhere in Gilligan's Island I hope 
they got off that Island so 
and it's more functionalthan ever if 
you pinch you get this gorgeous  overview 
of all your cities even with the time so 
it's a world clock as well let's take a 
look at the calendar so clean its swipe 
from days today like this turn it into 
landscape see your whole week at a
glance at a big week ahead  zoom out 
scroll easily through your months even
go all the way  out to the year let's 
take a look atmessages you notice  as we 
scroll we have this great sort of 
playful motion the bubbles let's bring 
up the keyboard 
you slide contents of the keyboard you
see thelayering  and transparency gives 
you that sense of context there's this 
gesture now from the left edge of the 
device it's great for using  the device 
of one hand if I want to just go  back I 
can just swipe from the edge of the 
displaypull back like that  move in out 
so cleanand natural  let's take a look 
at foldersthat go here into my games 
folder  can have multiple pages store 
hundredsRider awesome 
take a look at Game Center 
some of those good-looking friends let's 
take a look atmale the type is just so 
cleanand you're drilling  to a message 
look at how you get these fullscreen 
edge-to-edge  photos it's really great 
andthat gesture for  moving in and out 
works here too of course just move 
between messages just like this so great 
and if you just slide across on any  item 
you can get  it the trash and more 
options as well right here  in mail 
finally let's take  a look at 
Notification Center same as always we 
can just swipe down from the top of 
their Vice comes down  with a nice thud 
you can see all notifications just my 
missed ones and we have this great  new 
today view so you can see your friends 
birthdays current look at the weather or 
up coming in invitations your calendar 
your stocksand even a quick look at 
tomorrow you know what's really great is 
for the first time ever Notification
Center is now available from thelock 
screen  as well you don't even have to 
unlock your device so that's a quick 
look at iOS 7 it's a comprehensive 
end-to-end redesign of the user 
experience installing iOS 7 on your 
phone is like getting an entirely new 
phone but when you already know how to 
use one that's so much more beautiful 
and functional than ever before but iOS 
major feature release as well I have  10 
features I want to talk to you about
today starting with control center 
control center is something that's so 
simple and yet so essential you have 
those switches that you just want to get 
to really  quickly from wherever you are 
well now with control center swipe up 
from thebottom of  the device 
and there they are
turn onairplane mode  adjust your 
brightness play a songeven  get a 
flashlightand  available from anywhere 
including your lock screen so if you 
wake upin the  middle of the night you 
need to find something your flashlights 
right there and that's control center 
next let's talk about multitasking now 
iOS 7 has always been built on the 
industrial strength foundations of OS 10 
and had intrinsic  powerful multitasking 
capabilities but we had to be careful 
about  how we've exposed these two 
applications because we want to preserve 
great battery life now in iOS 4 we did 
add support for select kinds of
applications to do multitasking things 
likeplaying music in the background or 
receiving a voice over IP call while 
your app was in the background
well now in iOS 7 I'm pleased to 
announcethat we're going  to have 
multitasking for all apps with great 
so how does itwork well imagine  you 
have an app thatyou're using  constantly 
throughout the day a social networking 
app or somethingyou're checking  in all 
the time well iOS 7  is notices that 
pattern of use and is going to  provide 
that app with frequent background 
activity to stay up to date let's see if 
another app you usemay be that you  just 
check-in on in the morning breakfast 
maybe at night after  work well iOS  7 
notices thattoo and it's going  to give 
that app background cycles just in time 
so it's up to date for when you need it 
now in addition  to this intelligent 
scheduling iOS 7 does opportunistic
updates the average user wakes their 
device dozens of times a day and  those 
provide great opportunitieswhen the 
system's already  powered up to update 
apps in thebackground  it also adapts 
intelligentlyto network conditions  so 
if it's a good coverage it's a great 
time tofetch and it coalesces updates 
across multiple applications so once you 
have those radios power it up lets 
multiple applications take advantage of 
itfor their background updates  and 
finally iOS 7 responds to push
notifications as a trigger to give that 
application time in the backgroundso 
when you follow that notification the 
Apple are to be up to date 
now Iowaseven  also has a great new user 
interfacefor moving  between all the 
things you have going on on your phone 
now you can double click and  move into 
Notification Center and just swipe 
between your running applications tap 
andmove right  in and that is 
multitasking in iOS 7 
next let's talk aboutSafari Safari is 
the most popular mobile browser in the
worldand an iOS  7 we're making it even 
better has a great new full-screen  look 
really focus on your content if you pull 
down tap at the top you can now get a 
smart search field from that search
field you can get it one tap access to 
all ofyour  favorites as well as do 
searchand access  URLs and it's a great 
new interface for your tabs in addition 
to all ofthis it has parental  controls 
and integration with the same iCloud 
keychain you saw earlier with Mavericks 
I'd like to give you a demo of  Safari 
now let's take a look okay let's head on 
into Safari  so here we are in Safari 
I'm gonna just zoom in on this page one 
you watch as I scrollall the controls 
just recede and now you have that full 
screen for your content  we've really 
improved the way you navigate now in 
Safari I'm just gonna tap inhere to a 
link to a detailed story we can even 
zoom in of course on this page in that 
same gesture you saw earlier for going 
back well of coursethat works  in Safari 
as well so I just swipe in from the edge 
of the display and I can navigate back 
and forth through my browser history 
just  like that it's such a fantastic way 
to browse next let's look  at that 
unified search field I'm just gonna tap 
up hereat the top you see how  I have 
one tap access to all my favorites it's 
really convenient but I'mgonna type in 
this case so I'll type D is and you 
notice Ihave a top URL head as well as 
Google search suggestions as well 
available  all right here we've really 
improved bookmarking as well I use this 
bookmark control down at the bottom  I 
seemy bookmark folders all my bookmarks 
we also have shared links you can see 
stories posted by people you follow  on 
Twitter and my reading list and now just 
like you saw in  Mavericks on iOS you can 
scroll continue
mostly from article to article without 
coming back to the list 
it's really awesome next let's take  a 
look at tabs and click here at the 
bottom intotabs unbelievable  and you're 
no longer limited to just eight 
and down at the bottom are also all your 
iCloud tabs you can see what you left 
openon your other devices as well and 
tabs they're really nice to use you just 
tap sweep intoa tab back out  back in 
back out it's just fantastic if you want 
to reorderyour tabs just tap and hold 
just rearrange them like thisand if 
you're done with a tab just swipe it off 
to the side and it goes away and that's 
the new Safari 
let's take a look now at control center 
so I'm just gonna swipe up from the 
bottom of my display an up comes control 
center see have these great switches at 
the top can turn on and off Do Not 
Disturb  for instance access my 
brightness  can even access a flashlight 
really useful at night play a  song and 
of course this is available to me 
everywhere so if I'm in Safari for 
instance let's bring it up here you  can 
turn off that music and you notice how 
it's layering and transparency take the 
personalitythe environment where you 
bring it up
that's control center
next up multitasking it's just a great 
wayto get  across all the things you're 
doing on your device so if I just double 
click here on  my home button jump into 
multitaskingI can just swipe across 
everything I have running you want to 
move into one messages double tap back 
out move into mail back out just like 
this it's really really nice that's 
multitasking in iOS 7 thank you 
so of course there's there's much much
more the iOS  7 including airdrop airdrop 
is absolutely theeasiest way to  share 
with the people that are right around 
you so now when you're in any app that 
supports a share sheet  you bring up the 
share sheet and your friends that are
all around you just show up right there 
you tap onone and they're going  to get 
a panel right on their display and they 
can accept what it is that you shared
they accept it they're taken right into 
the app and you know if you want to 
share with multiple people you just tap 
tap tapno need  to wander around the 
room bumping your phone 
now this is system-wide for any app that
supports a share sheet and of course  it 
uses peer-to-peer Wi-Fi for maximum 
speedand all your transmissions are 
securely encrypted becauseit uses  the 
latest Wi-Fihardware  it's supported on 
the iPhone 5 the fourth-generation iPad 
iPad Mini and the fifth-generation iPod 
touch and  that is airdrop next let's 
talk about the camera  so now your camera 
and iOS 7 is 4 cameras in one you can 
just swipe  from your video camera to 
your photo camera to your square cropped 
camera to yourpano camera  and when 
you're taking stills you now have access 
tolive photo filters from some gorgeous 
black and whites  to some classic  color 
filters aswell 
so with your great new camera we want to
give you a great new way to manage your 
photos and it's the new Photos app you 
know for many usersthis is what their 
photo organization looks like an endless 
unorganized stream of their camera roll 
we've all been there but youknow it 
doesn't haveto be this way there's 
greatinformation in those  photos iOS 
knows where you took the photos and when 
you took them and that provides inherent 
structure that we can use to organize 
those photos and now in photos in iOS 7 
we do we organize them into moments I'd 
like to give you a demo of that right 
now
so let's take a look now at  the Photos 
app so here you see some photos that 
weretaken in San Francisco and you see 
nothing was done to organize these 
photos explicitly and yet they have
these labels like the Palace of Fine 
Arts Baker Beach Lombard Street it 
provides this natural organization for 
appreciating the photos we can go up 
there more trips at more time in San 
Francisco Golden Gate San Francisco 
Fisherman's Wharf but then you see we 
have home we have  photos taken at home 
and photos taken at the elementary 
schooland  around that area and now if 
you want to zoomback  out to get a more 
of a bird's-eye view  of your collection 
we draw these moments intelligently
together into collections so see here
how that multiple day trip around San 
Francisco is collected sorry about that 
got a little excited there into it's a 
very exciting interface into a multi-day
trip in San Francisco andthat time at 
home andaround  the school well that's 
one moment that's one collection as well 
it's a really great way to browse your 
photos you can even go all the way out 
to theyear level look across  your whole 
photo collection
and look at how we pull out the 
interesting places that you went in that 
year like 2011 was  Colorado and Hawaii 
remember when you did itbut iOS does 
that's right there and you know with 
this Retina displayyou  can even kind of 
make outpatterns of photos and when 
different occasions are and of course we
found like we had the urge that we 
wanted to just tap in right  from here 
and so now in fact you can you canjust 
tap and scrub and find the photo you're 
looking for just like that it's really
just amazing  so I can just pick a photo 
here whichever one I want it's kind of 
cute and now we can edit it because we 
have photofilters so I can go into the 
filtershere  I can try different color 
effects and if I find one I like maybe a 
nice blackand white can do  it just like 
that 
I'll ply it save that photo away we also 
have great new waysto share your  photos 
in the photos apps let's bring up
sharing we have a airdrop right here if
any of you were runningiOS 7 I'd see 
you it looks like it didn't leak so 
that's good you're not in there right 
now  but you have airdrop you have  access 
to other photos you can share them from 
right here
just really handy great photo sharing 
option is iCloud photo sharing I'm going
to tap onthat now it's going to iCloud 
photo sharing and from here I can select 
the photo streams that I want to share - 
so I'm on Family Photos  now but I'm 
goingto drill in and I can see other 
photo streams I've set up and now other 
peoplecan share into my photo stream as 
well so these are shared photo streams 
I'll just select a photo stream here and 
type a little message we'll post that 
photoso we've  made it really easy  to 
share and we've also made it a really 
great experience to experience  the 
photos you and others have shared with 
this new shared tab at the bottom so I'm 
going togo in  here see my photo with a 
commentI can see the  comments of other 
people and the photos that they've 
shared and now we even support sharing 
video via iCloud photo sharing and we 
have a great way to just browse those
shared photos I just tilt the device 
into landscape I can scroll through  it 
like this and just look at how beautiful 
that is
what a great way to experience your 
photos so that's the new Photos app in 
iOS 7 
so integration with Internet services is 
a huge part of the experienceof iOS  and 
never more so than an iOS 7 so to  take 
you through some of those features I'd 
liketo  bring up Eddy Cue Eddy 
great job Craig thank you thanks it's 
greatto be here  so let's talk about 
Sirithe first thing is Siri has a 
gorgeous new interface now as I speak 
you'll see  a sound wave across the 
bottom  and you get the results in a 
beautiful gorgeous clean way but Siri 
has always been a lot about your the 
voice of Siriand we've got an all-new 
voice hiwhat can I do for you  and you 
can also choose a male voice hi Eddie
what can I do for you and we've got high 
quality thank you we've also got high 
qualityfemale and male voices for 
FrenchOh what  these we keep eat as  well 
as German  musk honey 32 nettie and we're 
gonna be addingother languages over 
time now Siri is also getting a lot 
smarter  it knows how to control more of 
your device 
so you could say play my lastvoice mail 
or turn on Bluetooth or increase my 
brightness
and it can answer a lot more questions 
because we've integrated some new 
serviceslike Twitter  so you can see 
what people are saying or what's 
happening we've integrated the world's 
largestencyclopedia  in Wikipedia and 
we've even integrated web search results 
fromBing  right inside of Siri and it's 
great forphotos  too and that's some of 
the new features of Siri in iOS 7 now 
Siri is also a big part of our next 
feature iOS in the car now 95%  of the 
cars being sold today have integrated 
musicplayback and control  from an iOS 
device but we want to take this 
integration to a whole nother level what 
if you could get iOS on the screen that 
is  built into your car so that  you can 
make phone calls play music go to maps 
get yourAI messages  right on the screen 
in your car or eyes free using Siri so 
now when you make a phone call it's 
going  to look something like this call 
John Appleseed or play get lucky or go 
to maps get directions or even get your 
AI messages read to you and you can 
dictate a response all eyes free 
now all these car manufacturers are 
introducing iOSintegration in 2014  and 
I know which one I wantto buy and 
that's iOS inthe car  next the App Store 
now the App Store looks beautiful  it's 
way easier to find apps  than ever before 
we've added a  new feature where you can 
look for apps based on your age range 
kids categories parents are goingto 
love  this and apps near me you can find 
the most popular apps based on your 
currentlocation so now let's say I'm at 
AT&TPark in  San Francisco and here are 
the apps I would see or I'm at the
Louvre in Parisor I'm in  Union Square 
shopping it's that easy to discover new
apps it's really great now the next 
feature I know you're all going to love 
because every day you see something like 
this well no more because the App Store 
updates your apps automatically 
next let's talk about music  the music 
app in iOS 7is beyond a doubt  the best 
music player we have ever done the first 
thing you'll notice is we provide you 
with beautiful artist images right in 
your library you just tap an artist and 
you see the songs but it's not just the
songs on your device you see all of your 
purchase music from iCloud right in  your 
library and if you want to hear one of 
the songs you just tap and you get our 
beautiful now playing screen but it's 
not just your purchase music in the 
video apps you get all of your movies 
and TV shows right for my cloud right in 
your library it's really really great 
turn the  device sideways you see your 
albums you can just swipe to see more 
and once you seewhen you like  you tap 
and zooms right in now the music app is 
the best way to listen to your music but 
today we're introducing an amazing way 
to discover new music and we call it 
iTunes  radio 
and here's what it looks like it's built
right into the music app but rather than
tell you about it I'd love to show it  to 
you and we'll launch the music app and 
the first thing you'll notice is we've 
got a setof featured stations that our 
programming team have createdso you can 
see the songs that are trending on 
Twitter rightnow  or even the songs that 
you guys are all going to hear this week 
at WWDC but I feel like summer songs so 
you just tap and once you have a station 
you love you can just tap the I and you 
could share  it with a friend or even 
create a new station  based on this 
artist or song I can easily skip to the 
sea what's the  next song 
I'll go back to stations but it's not 
just the featured stations that we 
provideyou can create  your own stations 
here are some  that I've previously 
created but I feel like doing something 
new now  our music team is providing you 
with hundreds of stations based on 
alternative country classic rock but I 
feel like doing something a little more 
specific how about some Led Zeppelin 
so it starts off witha great Led 
Zeppelinsong let's go ahead  and see 
what else is on this station and a great 
thing is I can always modify the station 
I can just tap the star and I can say 
play more songs like this or never play 
this song or add it to my wish  list now 
I like this so let's play some more
songs like this now another great 
feature of iTunes radio is it keeps 
track of all the songs that you're 
listeningto across all the stations all 
your devicesand you can  get to them by 
just tapping history you can see them 
allhere you can preview and buy right 
from there  and that's iTunes radio 
so iTunes radiois built into iOS  7 it 
works on your iPhone your iPod Touch and 
your iPad it's also built into iTunes on 
your Mac and PC and evenin  your living 
room builtinto Apple TV iTunes  radio is 
free with ads and if you're an iTunes 
Match subscriber it's completely ad free
we're starting in the US and we'll be 
addingother countries over time and 
that's the new music app on iOS 7 it  is 
the best music player we have ever done 
thank you 
Thank You Eddie so 10  amazing features 
in iOS7 and a  comprehensive end-to-end 
UI redesign and of course we're bringing 
it all to iPad as well  now there's more 
to iOS 7 than we had time  to talk to you 
about in depth here today
things like FaceTime audiowhere you now 
can doaudio only  high quality audio 
calls over Wi-Fi on any iOS device
notification sync so if you dismiss a 
notification on one device you don't 
have to deal with it over and over  again 
on your other devices great feature for 
our users in China with integration of 
the popular microblogging website site
Tencent Weibo and for those of you who 
have peoplewho  just won't let go 
phone FaceTime and message blocking also 
for our enterprisefee  customers per app 
VPNnow there's yeah a couple enterprise 
people in the audience alright so in 
addition to all this there's one feature 
I want to talk about in a little bit 
more detail which is activation  lock so 
hundreds of millions of us use Find My 
iPhone to find our phone when it's just 
lost inthe couch or maybe left at 
Starbucksbut also when it's been stolen 
and now with  activation lock if a thief 
tries to turn off Find My iPhoneor if 
theyeven wipe the device  entirely they 
will not be able to reactivate it 
because they don't know your iCloud 
username
we think this is going to be a really 
powerful  theft deterrent now of course 
in addition to being a great release for 
our users 
iOS 7is also fantastic and major 
release forour developers as well the 
SDK includes over 1,500 new api's can 
add airdrop integrate with third-party
game controllers new api's for  taking 
advantage of multitasking ibeacons  for 
Bluetooth le micro location sprite kit 
for super fast power efficient game 
animations and you ident to bring 
physics to your UI view animations so I 
so iOS 7 isavailable to you developers 
in beta on the iPhone today 
we'll have betasfor iPad coming up in 
the near for the coming weeks and for 
everyone elsea final release  coming 
this fall so i io s 7 will  be available 
foriphone 4 and later ipad 2 and later 
the iPad Mini and the fifth-generation 
iPod touch that is iOS 7 I hope you love 
it 
